at 4 minutes declaration of
Poly jo's intentions soars not
find door
the almería seized by the nerves is
it showed imprecise in the final meters
the stand was lived a climate of calm
tense the team that can warn you
interned by luis guil air not concluded
in this lack the first one crashes in
the barrier and that paco García returns to
disturb ruben for the clearest
approach rojiblanca the first part
protagonist were 40 minute
and in the second half it cleared
any doubt that floated in the
Five minutes atmosphere
wilmot at corner aira heads the net
accurate shot of the celestial center that
put fear into the body of the
Almeria fans
the red-and-white followers perplexed
after the goal they broke their spirits in
search of the reaction was time to
a lot of tension on the bench in the
pitch the cop was following his
and he had the sentence but they found
with a savior called rubén first
here it is
and five minutes later avoid a new
goal
the police forgive and the almeria has grown
in his pride he looks for the equal in a
tops the goal
in the 70th minute now if the Jerez
hooks a half volley and nails the ball
at the bottom of the network
the municipal one looks down with this
historic goal of the moon against which
nothing can make the good goalkeeper manu
that there is at the end the almería serenó in
the entrance of armindo with jesus and javi
Peña had given freshness to the team
while the cop kept his seriousness
until the end defending the tie
nerves sufferings stress everything
overflowed with the completion of the
I find the first place of celebration
It was the ground game
then the party would come to changing rooms
it was the deserved prize for the objective
fulfilled the sports union almería
continues in second division
the case you should ask the ejido
to Internet
for that aggressiveness that they have shown
before the game I think our
tests we have not only known how to do
shared
within the total correction and within
of what we play that they will look like
also if we are when the descent the
ejido sports center wanted not to give place
to suspicions
behavior and effort he left well
Clear
nobody can